Website Site-Map Structuring: 

  The initial structuring of the webpage utilized Jquery mobile designs for building the webpage through the coding that could be created for the clothing brand prepared
for display to an intended audience on the internet. A Monkister: Monkey See, Monkey Do main page logo was included for displaying the clothing industry on the website
that was created. The clothing retail industry company name was listed next heading the webpage for the intended audience to view repespectively. 
A slogan was included under the company name that attracted the intended audience that was accessing information from the website on the internet.
A navigation panel was created next with a few sub-sections that could have information included into for the intended audeince to learn more about the clothing brand.
The clothing brand sections were listed next split into different sections as described as: shirts, pants, shorts, jackets, hats, socks, toys, candy, drinks,
grids(clothing specials), resourceful links, and form submissions. The monkister: monkey see, monkey do trademark copyright symbolization was added lastly to the webpage 
for licensing rights of the company merchandise. 

Description: The navigational panel can be clicked on that leads to a few sectionals to be addd onto in the future of the website development. Interaction with this button
lead to sections that will eventually discuss our mission, about our clothing brand, our fascination with monkeys, where we are located around the world,
why we chase the monkeys, what happens when they are caught. The initial navigational panel has been created to be added to with information on these subjects that may
need to be described to our intended audience shopping on our website created. A filtered item search bar was included before sectionals started to be listed on the
webpage where an intended audience may find a section easier then scrolling through them on the internet. Any keyword could be searched in this included button created,
and that section would be found right away. After learning more about the literd item search bar, the sectionals could be created for the clothing to be distributed.
A few of the sectionals created were for shirts, pants, shorts, jackets, hats, socks, hats, toys, candy, drinks, grid, resourceful links, and form submission.
When clicked on respectively, a section would be opened with a description of the clothing that would be on display. In the future with additional information,
clothing links may be placed in the website design to be purchased by the intended audience on the internet. 

My webpage URL for the website design:
http://sotd.us/nicolasschiebe/UsingDataAttributes.html
